Forkify App

This website will use a modern development/production environment.
There should be 3 main display containers (other small ones)
  Search results, Selected Recipe Content, Shopping List
It should allow a user to search for a recipe.
An api should be used to search and display matching recipes on the left
Selecting a recipe should display more recipe information in the middle container
Clicking add to shoppng list should add all of the ingredients of that recipe to the shopping list container on the left

Setup

Project will use a modern development and production environment.
The following will be used

Vanilla JS
Node JS
Node JS devDependencies:
  babel-core
  babel-loader
  babel-preset-env
  html-webpack plugin
  webpack
  webpack-cli
  webpack-dev-server
Node JS dependencies
  babel-polyfill

Setup Process
package.json
  Created with npm init in root of project folder
  Node JS uses package.json to list important information regarding what dependencies exist in the current project as well as what version they are on.

  scripts:
    package.json includes a section called scripts where commands can be set to run from terminal while in "9-forkify/starter"
    The scripts run as if they were called from the terminal
    dev: runs webpack to bundle JS and HTML (because of html-webpack-plugin in webpack.config.js). This will output a JS file to /dist/js/bundle.js and an HTML file to /dist/index.html because of the html-webpack-plugin. Since development mode is specified the code will not be minified
    build: compiles in the same way that dev does but this time it will minify the code
    start: starts a live server that will run a live version of /dist/index.html locally. This should also compile like the dev script. Any changes saved while this is running should be reflected in the live page

  devDependencies
    These dependencies can be installed from terminal while in "9-forkify/setup>" wih "$npm install".
    Npm install will look at package.json and install all listed devDependencies and dependencies.
    babel-core
      Core for babel. Will be used to serve appropriate JS versions depending on the browser that is used
    babel-loader
      Allows transpiled js to be used with webpack
    babel-preset-env
      Sets predefined environment setting options
    html-webpack-plugin
      Will allow HTML to be bundled when webpack is run instead of just JS
    webpack
      Bundles multiple JS files into one file for easier coding and faster loading. Can also minify files.
    webpack-cli
      Allows webpack commands from terminal
    webpack-dev-server
      Runs a live version of the page locally that will update and refresh when changes are saved

  dependencies
    webpack
      babel-polyfill
        Used to generate JS for things that cannot be transpiled. Will emulate APIs to try to use JS features that aren't available to the browser

.babelrc
  Stores preset environment settings that babel will look at and use to transpile code
  presets
    defines peset settings from babel-preset-env
    In this case we are going to be transpiling and polyfilling for the last 5 versions of browsers and Internet explorer browsers version 8 or above

webpack.config.js
  Stores webpack settings
  entry
    What files will webpack be receiving to bundle?
      babel-polyfill (what babel will return after polyfilling code)
      ./src/js/index.js (the main js page that we will be using)
        When index.js imports from other files webpack will automatically know to include them in the bundle
  output
    Where should bundled js files be put?
    path: describes the folder that the bundled js file should go
    filename: What to name the bundled js

  devServer:
    Describes the folder to be used when running the page locally
    In the case ./dist will be used because after webpack and babel process the html and js that is where the webpage will be stored

  plugins:
    This section can be used to set settings for multiple plugins. Right now there is only 1
    Html Webpack plugin
      sets settings of HtmlWebpackPlugin
      filename: what the output HTML file will be named after running webpack on it. Will be saved to where output is set above
      template: the file that we will run webpack on

    module
      Used to setup the babel-loader
      rules:
        What loaders will be used and how
        test: this specifies that all files that end in .js (all javascript files)
        exclude: Don't use the loader on these files. There are a bunch of files in nod_modules that will add a lot of time to run babel on. A lot of these don't ever run on the page and if any do then they will be caught by the index.js
        use: list loaders to use here. babel-loader is the only one for this project
